Add '--include-full-xr' flag to the render subcommand (#695)
crossplane/docs: content/master/cli/command-reference.md

|              | `--context-files=<key>=<file>,<key>=<file>`    | A comma separated list of files to load for function "contexts." |
|              | `--context-values=<key>=<value>,<key>=<value>` | A comma separated list of key-value pairs to load for function "contexts."                                                    |
| `-r`         | `--include-function-results`          | Include the "results" or events from the function.   |

> | `-x`         | `--include-full-xr`          | Include a direct copy of the input XR's spec and metadata fields in the rendered output.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-x`         | `--include-full-xr`          | Include a copy of the input Composite Resource spec and metadata fields in the rendered output.   |
```

`--include-function-results` to print them along with the managed resource 
outputs. 

> #### Include the full composite resource in the output
> 
> Composition functions can only modify the `status` field of a composite 
> resource. Therefore, the `crossplane beta render` command only prints the
> `status` field with `metadata.name`. With the `--include-full-xr` flag 
> the command prints the full composite resource, including the `spec` 
> and `metadata` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Include the composite resource 

Composition functions can only change the `status` field of a composite 
resource. By default, the `crossplane beta render` command only prints the
`status` field with `metadata.name`.  

Use `--include-full-xr` to print the full composite resource, 
including the `spec` and `metadata` fields.
```
Suggestions to appease our lord and savior Vale 😆
